Don't worry, I have something to ask you. Vice President, let me try it first.
Is this why you came here because you wanted to?
Boss, I am a bit fat. Cheng said,
My husband helped me test you.
You let me lie to you, and you helped your husband,
This, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this
This, this, this, that, that, that’s okay. You can leave me behind and take your people away in a while.
Leave the rest to me.
This, this, this, this, this, that, boss,
If I hadn't been banned from using water, I wouldn't have been able to do anything.
Why would I invite you?
Thank you thank you thank you thank you
Thank you, thank you, thank you for watching the two of us make love over the years.
me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me
me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me. me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me. me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me